Add logging docs (#754)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/posts/logging/index.mdx

---
title: "AppSignal Logging"
sup: "BETA"
---

<Notice>

🧪 AppSignal Logging is currently only available to Beta Testers. If you think your
application is a good candidate, [send us an
email](mailto:support@appsignal.com?subject=Logging%20beta)!

</Notice>

Quick access to your application's logs can be essential when debugging incidents and evaluating the overall health of the various processes running on your application, from your database to your messaging queue.

AppSignal Logging centralizes your application's logs allowing you to store, view, and query your application's logs, giving you extra insight into your application's performance and behavior.

Our documentation covers everything you need to know to get AppSignal Logging up and running with your application.

- [Configure Logging](/logging/configuration)
- [Log Management](/logging/log-management)
- [Troubleshooting](/logging/troubleshooting)

## Log Retention

More information on pricing and retention will be available when Logging is no longer in Beta.

> Beta Tester logs are retained for 30 days with a maximum capacity of 50GB.

Reviewer: Based on new insights:

```suggestion
Beta Tester logs are retained for 30 days with a fair usage storage limit.
```
